All right.
So right now the code works for these three rating specifically THREE TWO AND ONE.
But what if the rating is something else entirely like zero would be an easy one or twenty three.
But what if it's also a or.
Good.
Something like that.
We're not accounting for it.
We won't print anything out at all.
It's just ignored in our code doesn't really display anything or doesn't display anything period to
the user to fix this.
We can add in a third piece to our conditional we have if else if and we have else else is kind of like
the otherwise part of the conditional it's the thing that runs if nothing else was true before it then
the code instead of else will be executed.
So you can see down here we don't specify a condition instead of parentheses like we do for if and else
if because it just runs no matter what if nothing else ran first.
So we can add in and else down here just looks like this.
And in our situation if rating is not three two or one else will run if rating is three two or one else
will not run.
Just like if rating is three.
Nothing else runs off rating as to nothing else runs after it.
And so on.
Else is the fallback it is the final piece of your conditional.
You don't have to have an else but if you want to have one you must have.
If it doesn't make sense to have an otherwise if there is no initial if so we'll just cancel that log
invalid rating.
We'll save.
Refresh the page and we end up with invalid rating if we have anything other than three two or one we
get invalid if we go back to to that string.
So that won't work because we're comparing with triple equals for exactly the number two.
But if we go back to the number two it works just fine.
So often we do have an if and else f or multiple else ifs and else.
And by the way I forgot to mention we can only have one else per.
If it doesn't make sense to have more than one otherwise we can have as many else ifs as we want.
And we have one if at the beginning.
So sometimes we have all of them together but often we'll just have a yes or no a simple if and an else.
So here's an example.
I have a high score variable and a user score.
So the idea is that we have a game or something or we have a high score like an old arcade cabinet where
it stores the highest score ever on that cabinet.
And then the current user score and we could write a conditional that just checks if the user score
is greater than we could even do equal to.
I'm not sure what happens if you equal the high score on a game.
Do you then become the high score.
Let's just say that's how it works.
So if you use your score is greater than or equal to the current high score we will console that log.
Let's do a template literal.
Congrats you have a new high score of.
And then let's add it in and we'll show user score then we could also update high score to now equal
user score.
If what the user scored is higher than the current high score then high scores should become that score
and then we can add in and else and we'll console that log.
Another template literal good game your score of and then use your score with our dollar sign to interpolate
it did not beat the high score of and then high score.
All right.
So if we run this right now refresh we get good game your score of twelve hundred did not beat the high
score of fourteen thirty.
If we change this to now be sixteen hundred.
Congrats.
You have a new high score of sixteen hundred.
So here we have a simple yes or no.
It's either this and if it's not then it's this There is no scenario where we won't have.
Well I guess you could write code that breaks you could write something that causes an error but assuming
that doesn't happen one of these is going to run.
We don't have a bunch of else.
We just have a simple if and an else.